Gerard Pique bypassing the midfield
David via on side and David does the
rest Robbie well the run was very good
very well time than his first such a
look at this was left foot wanted to
take two or three quick touches after
that runner goalkeeper for Chivas de
Guadalajara she must've Guadalajara view
father club if you will to chivas USA
she must immerse it is sixth in the
Western Conference Barbara Shepherd
they're tied in the 60th
and what a cracker from Bobby on
just a tremendous strike from distance
here Marco Fabian has been fairly quiet
here isn't close to his own
up there and Jose Manuel Pinto just
can't get across here a talented boy
Marco Fabian there's a lil bit of down
spin on the ball that keeps it down it
doesn't fly over the top into a great
angle here it just drips away from him
absolutely nowhere near it is he what a
great stroke this is Pinto no chance and
get him up too much speed for these
games against were amateur because
they're going to mean something no
question in a break down the right side
Kyle the chip the bali
stunning strike and guess who Bobby on
this is grave Malaya now look nice and
Linda change here I like the way he
takes his time here ariano get his head
up what's it over the top I'm what can I
talk about nes they were talking about
shabby we'll talk about all these play
from Barcelona let's give some respect
to this play here Marco Fabian
twenty-two-year-old attacking midfield
player what a talent he is he's got a
magnificent go early moments ago what a
good ball that is as well there Jordan
Henderson does to faro volley over cover
and that is technique look at this the
left leg force then comes the right leg
brilliant technique and again pins open
to nothing about it what a star put that
on a DVD and burn it through your
friends
mr. Dale's swamp isn't it from Barcelona
then a couple of basses in the last
minute or so just going astray and then
like in the rhythm at the moment give us
looking for three
Casillas gives the Mexicans a two-goal
lead
only preseason for Barcelona Ravi but
this is an upset yeah just take a look
here left but there's hamstring goes
he's out of the picture here mark Mooney
yes sir from then on it's very simple
really everybody else seems to stop
there apart from she was quite a harder
for final ball dares to look up there
which is key he knows as a player coming
inside Garcia's then just takes a couple
of touches and bun was it past the
goalkeeper but I guess is going from bad
to worse for Barcelona another injury
all the changes around here Lucy Adriano
I think now I know it has given us
g
this day
losco la toque over Duke oh I que ver SI
taba no imposition Adele an tada la duda
que que de que se necesitan tone ravalli
pareve letarte estaba ket seguro para
ver do co yo creo atado pour etre la
línea de pinto no se SI